DARK SORROW
COOKIE POLICY
Last updated on 27 March 2023

We sometimes use technologies on our website and online services (which we'll call the Services) to collect information that helps us improve your online experience. We refer to these technologies, which include cookies, collectively as 'cookies.' This policy explains the different types of cookies used on the Services and how you can control them.  

We hope that this policy helps you understand and feel more confident about our use of cookies.

1. WHAT IS A COOKIE?

Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or mobile device. They are widely used in order to make websites or other online services work or to be better or more efficient. They can do this because websites and other online services can read and write these files, enabling them to recognise you and remember important information that will make your use of them more convenient (e.g. by remembering your user preferences).  

2. WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE?

Below we list the different types of cookies we may use on the Services. 

Essential Cookies. These cookies are essential to the operation of our service in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these cookies services you have asked for, such as accessing secure areas of a website or paid for content, cannot be provided. These cookies are essential for using the service and therefore cannot be turned off without severely affecting your use of it.

Functionality Cookies. In some circumstances, we may use functionality cookies. Functionality cookies allow us to remember the choices you make on the Services and to provide enhanced and more personalized features, such as customising a certain webpage, remembering if we have asked you to participate in a promotion and for other services you request, like watching a video or commenting on a blog. All of these features help us to improve your visit to the Services. 

Targeting Cookies and Technologies. We and our service providers may use targeting cookies and other technologies to collect information (e.g. IP address device ID, general location information etc) on the Services that we believe are more relevant to you and your interests. For example, we may use targeting cookies to know when you visit our website. 

3. HOW DO I CONTROL COOKIES? 

You may refuse to accept cookies from the Services at any time by activating the setting on your browser or device which allows you to refuse cookies. Further information about the procedure to follow in order to disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider's website via your help screen. You may wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for information on commonly used browsers. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, not all features of the Services may operate as intended.

4. CHANGES TO THIS COOKIE POLICY

We may change this Policy at any time: please take a look at the 'Last updated' date at the top of this policy to see when it was last revised. Changes will become legally binding as soon as it's posted online but you're welcome to contact us anytime if you have specific questions or concerns about the changes. If you do not agree to those changes, then unfortunately you must stop using the Services.