DARK SORROW
PLAIN ENGLISH PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated on 27 March 2023

THIS IS OUR PLAIN ENGLISH STATEMENT OF HOW WE COLLECT, HOLD AND PROCESS PERSONAL DATA.

In our day to day work we may hold some data that is considered personal and this document is intended to explain what we hold, what we do with it and how you can find out if we are holding information about you.

1. CONTACT INFORMATION.
This includes names, addresses, email addresses and telephone numbers. It may also include the company you work for, your IP address (a number that identifies your computer or mobile device on the internet) and your job title.

Generally if we are holding this information it is because you or your company has a contract with us or has asked for information from us.

When you contact us, we will store this information in our sales system. Our sales, finance and customer service teams have access to this system so that they can assist you with any enquiries you may have.

If during the time you are purchasing services from us you contact our customer services department then your email address, name, and the company you work for are captured in our issue management system.

It is also possible that your contact details will be stored in some of our employees email programs if you have corresponded directly with them.

We DO NOT and WILL NOT use your contact details to send you unwanted communications unless you have previously given us permission to do so. This is called giving us consent. This consent is not assumed, and we will require you to positively indicate your wish to receive this information.

To ensure we are only sending information to those individuals who have given consent we store your email address and name in a system that allows you to remove your consent and to unsubscribe from our mailing list.

We believe that we have a 'legitimate interest' in holding this information so we can conduct business with you.

2. IF YOU WORK FOR US.
When you work for Dark Sorrow then we need to hold information in order to ensure you are who you say you are, to pay you your salary and to award you any benefits you may be entitled to under you contact of employment. This information is securely held in our HR management system. This information is only used for the above purposes. 

PAYROLL - We share your personal details and salary details with a company we use to prepare your pay slips.

HEALTH CARE - our health care scheme is provided by a third party with whom we share your personal details and employment details.

INSURANCE - if you are entitled to drive a company car, or one of the demonstrator vehicles we are provided with, then we will share your contact details, age and employment status with the company that provides our vehicle insurance policy. We are also required to inform them of some health issues. If you have a death in service benefit, or salary protection benefit then we will share your personal details and employment details with the insurance company that provides these services.

PENSION– we provide your personal details and employment details to our pension provider.

CHILDCARE VOUCHERS – if you have signed up for childcare vouchers then we provide your personal details and employment details with a company who provides the childcare vouchers.

HR SERVICES – we may share your employment details with a company who we use for HR advice.

LEGAL – we may share your employment details with a company that we use to provide legal advice.

Information we hold on you will be regularly checked and updated on a yearly basis and information will be deleted if it is more than 7 years old.

In some circumstances we may hold information about your health - this would typically be when you have had some time off for sickness and have presented a 'sick note'.

We will continue to store data about you during the entire period you are employed by us.

We are entitled to hold this information because we have a contract of employment with you.

3. IF YOU USED TO WORK FOR US.
When you leave the company, we continue to store your information for a period of 7 years. The purpose of this is so that we are able to respond to any enquiries by yourself or law enforcement agencies should there be a need. We will not share this information with anybody (including any subsequent employer) without your consent. The only exception to this is where the law requires us to do so.

We believe that we have a 'legitimate interest' in holding this information to assist with any enquiries you may have regarding your previous employment.

4. IF YOU ARE APPLYING TO WORK FOR US.
If you are applying for a job then we will store your curriculum vitae (CV). We may also, throughout the recruitment process prepare internal notes about your interview performance and share these with our Human Resources staff. If you subsequently end up working for us we will store this information with your other HR documents as described above. If you are not successful then the information is deleted immediately.

We believe that we have a 'legitimate interest' in processing this information to assess your suitability for a role.

5. VISITORS TO OUR PREMISES
If you visit any of our company premises then you may be asked to sign a secure, anonymous visitor register with details of your name and vehicle registration number. This information is not processed and is regularly destroyed.

We believe that we have a 'legitimate interest' in processing this data for the safety of our visitors, staff and property.

6. VISITORS TO OUR WEBSITES.
If you use one of our websites or web applications, then your IP address (a number that identifies your computer or mobile device on the internet) is saved in our systems. This is used solely to assist with managing the traffic to these services and to identify attempts to hack or otherwise exploit those services. This information is retained only for 12 Months.

We use an external company to assist with some of our IT support and as a result the above information will be accessible by them.

We believe that we have a 'legitimate interest' in processing this footage to ensure the integrity of our services.

7. YOU RIGHT TO SEE WHAT DATA WE HOLD ABOUT YOU.
You have a legal right to see what information we hold on you. In order to exercise this right please use the contact details below stating your request and identifying yourself. We will then take steps to verify your identity before we release the information to you.

8. YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE ANY INCORRECT DATA RECTIFIED.
You have a legal right to demand that we correct any incorrect information we may hold. Please use the contact details below to do so.

9. YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE DATA REMOVED FROM OUR SYSTEMS.
You have a right to ask us to remove any information we may have gathered about you. We are not automatically required to do so but unless we can prove to you that it is necessary to keep the data then we have to delete it. An example of why we would not be able to delete the information is if we needed it to continue to provide you services you are entitled to, or where the law requires us to retain it. Please use the contact details below to make a request.

10. YOUR RIGHT TO STOP US PROCESSING.
You have a legal right to request us to stop processing your data. This may be done if you are happy for us to hold this information but do not wish us to use it. Please use the contact details below to make a request.

11. ADDITIONAL RIGHTS
There are a number of additional rights that can be viewed by visiting the ICO website. We do not think these are likely to affect us due to the limited amount of data processing we do. However, we fully support those rights and should you wish to enforce them please use the contact details below to make a request.

CONTACT US
Should you wish to make a request for any of your rights, or perhaps just to ask for further information then you can contact our data protection officer via any of the below methods:

By post:
Martin J. Wallace,
2 Barclay Close, Charndon, Bicester, Oxfordshire, OX27 0JA

By email: 
support@darksorrow.com

By telephone: 
0333 339 0105

We may change this Policy at any time: please take a look at the 'Last updated' date at the top of this policy to see when it was last revised. Changes will become legally binding as soon as it's posted online but you're welcome to contact us anytime if you have specific questions or concerns about the changes.